README.md, before:

# mlTex 
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/c098136ef81345b78c480ee695314a21)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mgapcdev/mlTex?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=MGApcDev/mlTex&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

mlTex is a Javascript library to render high quality typesetting in html and pdf.

This library is intended as an improvement on LaTex, allowing users to write professional documents in markup.

## Installation
``todo``

## Usage
``todo``

## Contributions
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :smile:

## Typesetting
``todo``

## Features
- Table of contents
- Latex equivalent font
- Images and captions, w/ auto-numbering
- Including html files into html files
- Tables
- Page setup w/ size, header, footer, page numbering
- Sections, w/ auto-numbering
- Links to websites and page locations

## Improvements
``todo``

## Sources
``todo``

## Dependencies
- **Font** -->  [Computer Modern on the web by CheckMyWorking.com](http://checkmyworking.com/cm-web-fonts/)

---

Copyright &copy; 2016 Mathias Grundtvig Andreasen (MGApcDev). Licensed under the terms of the [GPLv3 license](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Implement math equations (MathJax) (#23)
* Initial mathjax implementation

* Add local MathJax dependency

* Handle inline and block mathjax seperately

* Update readme, dependencies

* Fix indent

* Add block equation numbering

* Add reference imp. for equations

* Rename function and fix indent

README.md, after:

# mlTex
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/c098136ef81345b78c480ee695314a21)](https://www.codacy.com/app/mgapcdev/mlTex?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=MGApcDev/mlTex&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

mlTex is a Javascript library to render high quality typesetting in html and pdf.

This library is intended as an improvement on LaTex, allowing users to write professional documents in markup.

## Installation
``todo``

## Usage
``todo``

## Contributions
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :smile:

## Typesetting
``todo``

## Features
- Table of contents
- Latex equivalent font
- Images and captions, w/ auto-numbering
- Including html files into html files
- Tables
- Page setup w/ size, header, footer, page numbering
- Sections, w/ auto-numbering
- Links to websites and page locations

## Improvements
``todo``

## Sources
``todo``

## Dependencies
- **Font** --> [Computer Modern on the web by CheckMyWorking.com](http://checkmyworking.com/cm-web-fonts/)
- **Math** --> [MathJax, Beautiful math in all browsers](https://www.mathjax.org/)

---

Copyright &copy; 2016 Mathias Grundtvig Andreasen (MGApcDev). Licensed under the terms of the [GPLv3 license](LICENSE.md).
